Document that saturate()/hue-rotate() are not in HSL space (#34609)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/filter-function/saturate/index.md

The **`saturate()`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [function](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Functions) super-saturates or desaturates the input image. Its result is a {{cssxref("&lt;filter-function&gt;")}}.

> > **Note:** `saturate()` is specified as a matrix operation on the RGB color. It does not actually convert the color to the HSL model, which is a non-linear operation. Therefore, it may not preserve the hue or lightness of the original color perfectly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** `saturate()` is specified as a matrix operation on the RGB color. It does not actually convert the color to the HSL model, which is a non-linear operation. Therefore, it may not preserve the hue or lightness of the original color.
```

Reviewer: Also, a question — is ", which is a non-linear operation" useful here? To me, it seems like something that might just serve to confuse people who don't know what a linear operation is. But I might be missing something.

saturate(200%)  /* Double saturation */
```

### saturate() does not preserve hue or lightness

> The diagram below compares two color strips with `hsl(0, 50%, 50%)` as the mid-point: one generated using `saturate`, one using actual HSL color values. Note how the one using `saturate` shows obvious differences in hue and lightness towards the two ends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The diagram below compares two color strips with `hsl(0, 50%, 50%)` as the mid-point: the first is generated using `saturate()`, and the second uses actual HSL color values. Note how the `saturate()` gradient shows differences in hue and lightness towards the two ends.
```

Reviewer: I removed "obvious" in this suggestion because the differences are not quite as immediately obvious as they are in the `hue-rotate()` example.

```html
<div>

>   <b>Using <code>saturate()</code></b>

Reviewer: Again, change to headings or paragraphs?
